as I can expose gaming in context here
and I got a brand new unboxing for you
guys it's call duty black ops 2 the guys
in the shin mhmm 70 this um they usually
receive the game about 9 to 10 months
early and uh they the guys over there
sent me it so yeah we're going to open
it up and uh it's a special black ops 2
prestige edition i'm not sure what comes
with it we got the playstation looks
like a normal playstation i think they
they said that they already downloaded
call duty to or call to the elite 2
point 0 on to this for a year premium i
guess the black ops 2 headset edition
cool ah poor blue playstation controller
and we got the red playstation
controller as well very nice and what
you've all been waiting for call the
black ops 2 as you can guys see um it's
slightly different than the first black
ops as you can see them side-by-side um
this one is um oh the first of all this
case is red because it's the special
prestige edition um case and this one is
just a normal edition for last year so
it's got to buy it and i'm not sure what
Trey our kid with the cover our design
but they didn't do much so yep um back
cover looks pretty cool looks like I
don't know what they're doing I think
they might be going back to
the german invasion of Vietnam you can
see the writing is in German so maybe
that's a little hint there's a bar code
so yeah it's legit and inside we got the
inside cover in the instruction manual
I'm gonna go ahead and show you guys
this clear shot a lot I pretty much just
basic stuff is pretty much basic
controls whatever for as it remove the
game then we got the disc call duty
black ops 2 it's pretty much just the
same as a dog cover and yeah guy showed
the guys back in his blu-ray so it's
bluray I guys want to take one last look
at the back cover it's pretty sweet um
and then the front cover again doesn't
look bad and then we got red red
PlayStation controller blue state blue
PlayStation controller call duty black
ops 2 edition Mike and we got the
special box to PlayStation 3 edition and
got the serial number on the back and
with a cuddly 2 point 0 download and we
got the cords here and then 160 gig of
PlayStation box so that's all I got for
you guys today I'm not allowed to post
game play until it actually comes out to
the public so thanks for watching and
give it a like rating and please
subscribe thanks